well i am renovating
and now I've been there a few times
required
and of course I want that cheap
possibly the mouth year for which must
durable that it can be cheap I have
never made small and coincidence
wish we were going to drill that had a whole
being close likes good and I could go for it
take nothing it was all one
little racks are old what yes what
what was rejected and here you see
for example why put here
for example, show a bar in between
which one is also trying this for example
there's a good one there
sheep no about a milling defects
they are simply wrong from the mill
shot and yes then you get this kind
frills
or sometimes there is a dent in it or just now
whatever this wood have knees
for nothing
the village itself year what kind of type
wood you actually have a where do you need
well pay attention and
what problems do you encounter and then
actually shows that there are many
standard wood is on the market and there
a meranti also different
quality differences say yes then
of course you come across
and for example if you have meranti frames
wood picks there is also quite a bit
mahogany we are old for
and that is usually a lot
constant quality but
for example, this bar that is located here
it is a bit darker in color
and that is also much heavier than
for example these lights that you have here
and he knows almost nothing
and in that number it doesn't make it that whole
very much out but in the quality and
the weight
how heavy that and balls of meranti
for better quality than you can
actually a bit stuffy and go
that is also a bit the difference
quality also with rotting and so or with
mold or whatever you put on the
getting expensive in out is actually best
man yes for that quality that dark
quality as much as possible
but yes sometimes they are already painted
and then it's very hard to get that there
to determine from which
meranti quality budget well but I am
the more behind
First is for the window frames you have
three different frame profiles and
those are the following
I just recorded here 4 the left
that she put her on the so-called
str'en that use for the top bar
and the sidebars then you have a b
beam that is the in-between set that use
just for windows for example here
in that drawing you have this is the on
couple couple
b-style recovery and have below and
that 's the c-style
that is sill the also runs one
little bit as you can see with
10 degrees
the piece so 10 degrees
and so you can so the water is good
walk straight sometimes there is such a thing here
notches
but you don't necessarily have to do that here
for example also runs under beat
and then you can here so you can over here
luck the brick or a heart
aftimmering or whatever run
this is really under the bottom
because of this it seems yes where am I
find out more
You also have the window frames again
if you are going to be making then you make it
it always following these you let your
run through
So to extinguish it through to shock
in chassis just go straight to it
you don't really care about that
sorry business number that shortens you only
but finished
something that often occurs with meranti
that the loot piece so here for example
this is a business man I will enter later on
the following video know how far that is here
a bit of what was lubricated on and on
That is to dry out and tear up
the short end also not yes what a
to become less or at least
reduce the chance of it but usually
for you that piece of hair matters there
first off so here you start business
to a piece immediately that again now
about the ball account
so you have the upper sill here
sill she drips or sill
said set a least lhd profile here
a super big one
I have one more time below
drawn
this to profile on t profile and
c-profile i have here such a small one
cut out a bit then you can also see
This is the fits options beautiful
this is a b profile and this is a c
profile
you can actually find any frame there
experience it
and why is this why this shows you this
always walk this way and this one
Well first of all it's easier to
for example the spacers
to be able to saw it in one go
so you just need the bill
keep in mind the height of this and the
profiles of these
and no more with this that is a one
benefit
So the two is another side here
so that ass show is lying here
a notch and here is the
drainage them edge in or sometimes it here
also looked so small in shades once and
the red examples of that is later
always easy to leave and you do
then no more in that
vertical pieces to cut or whatever
also
This is simply the best finish to it
bottom
yes and then you just keep your top profile
of course keep it that way because yes
why would you do otherwise
and a third benefit is if you go on
gentlemen and this one
shortages have forty-eight that never
oh you can always use it for the
someone's mistake is like that
made
And well that 's really the problem
with this man this is extremely beautiful
pretty expensive we just got one
how after viewing began
precious
with a raper filorga you go the other way around
to do then you do the vertical you
I take it as my length and it costs
you just wonder and the
want profiles that try the in between
to get
but more about that later
I now I will well on the
sit down on a tripod and I will say yes
tell more about how you are not
matters to which dave should pay attention
showering
to the next video